# Introductioin
While in a MOSFET the capacitor is formed by an oxide layer, the JFET (junction FET) and the MESFET (metal-semiconductor FET) form the capacitor by virtue of a depletion layer in a junction; the JFET from ap-n junction and the MESFET from a Schottky (metal-semiconductor) junction. In the branch of HFET (heterojunction FET), a layer of high-bandgap material is grown epitaxially over the channel, and it is used as an insulator. Bear in mind that the conductivity of a material is fundamentally related to its energy gap. An insulator is characterized by having a large energy gap. Epitaxial heterojunction produces an ideal interface. Such technique is necessary when an ideal oxide-semiconductor interface is lacking, which is practically for all semiconductors other than silicon. Under HFETs, the high-bandgap material can be doped or undoped. With high-E, material that is doped, carriers from dopants are transferred to the heterointerface and form a channel of high mobility, since the channel itself is undoped to avoid impurity scattering. This technique is called modulation doping. When applied to the gate of an FET, the result is a MODFET (modulation-doped FET) which possesses some interesting features. When the high-E, material is undoped, the resultant device is called HIGFET (heterojunction insulated-gate FET). In this case modulation doping is not present and the high-E, material is used purely as an insulator. Such a device behaves in principle the same way as a MOSFET.

## JFET AND MESFET
Both JFET and MESFET have the advantage of avoiding problems related to the oxide-semiconductor interface in a MOSFET, such as interface traps and reliability issues arising from hot-electron injection and trapping. However, they have limitation on bias range allowed on the input gate. In comparison, the MESFET offers certain processing and performance advantages over the JFET. The metal gate requires only low-temperature processing compared to ap-n junction made by diffusion or implant-anneal sequence. The low gate resistance and low IR drop along the channel width is a big factor in microwave performance such as noise and f<sub>max</sub>.
